

Business Ethics 
Business Ethics Research paper outline 
I. Introduction 
Business ethics refers to the guidelines and principles which govern the way business is done. It is a topic which has been growing over the past few years. The growth in business ethics has been necessitated by some of the major business failures. Business ethics revolves around the question of morality in business dealings. Business ethics can also mean distinguishing between right and wrong. It is a regulation of behavior of employees in a business setting. Though this raises questions as to how can one know for a fact what is right as compared to what is wrong. The question arises because sometimes the law might prescribe a way of doing things which might not be right morally. However, ethics are the accepted code of conduct such that all stakeholders ranging from suppliers, customers, the government, the community within which the business operates and the general public are satisfied with it
Business ethics  learning for entrepreneurs 
Entrepreneurship <definition>. Schmpeter and Kirzner defined entrepreneurship as an act of making the decision to start the business. Ethics play a major role in the defining how successful a business is going to be. 
In the case, presented in the class, Carly, Tonya and Jane are three characters with different skill sets. Carly worked hard, saved money and started a business, which she developed and later sold for $10 million. She is now living a good life. Tonya worked hard in school,took a job in the financial institution. She discovered a flaw in the system and made $10 million dollars to enjoy her life in Europe. Jane lost her parents while she was completing her degree and then she made $10 million from their wills. She donated $9.9 million to home victims. Jane is enjoying her life with 100,000. 
The three characters in the presented case pose a different personality and provides  a different nature. While Tanya is self centered and like to harm another for personal gain, Jane is giving where she sacrifices for others leaving a little for herself. Carly is a neutral character she makes money and enjoys her life style. If we need to think further classify them 
Tragedy of commons


Minimum wage Debate



Price – Rent control 

Mis Leaders and Followers 
Bad Leadership is the most common situation in today’s world where companies don’t understand the impact of bad leadership. In Kellerman’s accounting, this can be divided into seven things 
A.	Incompetent leadership – The leader lacks the will or skill to sustain effective action. He or she does not create positive changes. 
B.	Rigid leadership The leader is stiff and unyielding. Although competent, he or she is unable to adapt to new ideas, new information or changing times. 
C.	Intemperate leadership The leader lacks self control and is unwilling or unable to self correct. 
D.	Callous leadership The leader is uncaring or unkind. The needs, wants and wishes of most members of the group of organization, especially subordinates, are ignored or discounted. 
E.	Corrupt leadership The leader is willing to lie, cheat or steal. 
F.	Insular leadership The leader minimizes or disregards the health and welfare of “the other” – that is, those outside his or her own group or organization. 
G.	Evil leadership The leader commits atrocities. He or she uses pain as an instrument of power. 
First three are ineffective and last four are ethically bad. Having a Collous, corrupt, insular or evil leadership turns employee away from the company. In addition, they are bad leaders and in most cases, they are ineffective and unethical. 



10 virtues of Leadership 
